docs(replay): update docs with recent info (#4619)
lambdaclass/ethrex: docs/ethrex_replay/ethrex_replay.md

## Supported Clients

| Client     | `ethrex-replay block`         | notes                                            |
| ---------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| ethrex     | ✅                            | `debug_executionWitness`                         |
| reth       | ✅                            | `debug_executionWitness`                         |
| geth       | ✅                            | `eth_getProof`                                   |
| nethermind | ✅                            | `eth_getProof`                                   |
| erigon     | ❌                            | V3 supports `eth_getProof` only for latest block |
| besu       | ❌                            | Doesn't return proof for non-existing accounts   |

> We support any other client that responds correctly to `eth_getProof` or `debug_executionWitness` endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support any other client that is compliant with `eth_getProof` or `debug_executionWitness` endpoints.
```

Execution of some particular blocks with the `eth_getProof` method won't work with zkVMs. But without using these it should work for any block. Read more about this in [FAQ](./faq.md). Also, when running against a **full node** using `eth_getProof` if for some reason information retrieval were to take longer than 25 minutes it would probably fail because the node may have pruned its state (128 blocks * 12 seconds = 25,6 min), normally it doesn't take that much but be wary of that.

## Supported zkVM Replays (execution & proving)

> ✅: supported.
> ⚠️: supported, but flaky.
> 🔜: to be supported.

| zkVM   | L1 Networks| Public ethrex L2s |
| ------ | ---------- | ----------------- |

> | RISC0  | ✅         | 🔜                |
> | SP1    | ✅         | 🔜                |

Reviewer: These are working 😄 

```suggestion
| RISC0  | ✅         | ✅                |
| SP1    | ✅         | ✅                |
```

> | RISC0  | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | 🔜                |
> | SP1    | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | 🔜                |

Reviewer: These are working 😄.

```suggestion
| RISC0  | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | ✅                |
| SP1    | ✅         | ✅         | ✅         | ✅                |
```

| OpenVM | ⚠️         | 🔜                |
| ZisK   | 🔜         | 🔜                |
| Jolt   | 🔜         | 🔜                |
| Nexus  | 🔜         | 🔜                |
| Pico   | 🔜         | 🔜                |

> | Ziren  | 🔜         | 🔜                |

Reviewer: I'd keep the original for more granularity. The support for zkVMs is quite complex and takes time. This should be different in the future (our codebase will be more zkVM-mature in some sense), but for now I'll keep it as it is.

Author: got it
